>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
we're gonna keep going with this so
the next exercise.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
you probably saw the sneak preview.
There's the solutions,
which I don't recommend looking at
all the solutions and copying them.
It's not a way to learn.
But they are available for
you especially for
those of you who aren't here in
person to have as a reference.
But if you haven't finished
the first two you can just
copy the solution from the task two and
use it for task three.
Because we're gonna clean
up our approach and
make this better.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay,
so.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: All right,
so task three is all about
cleaning up our global scope.
This task is for our advanced viewers,
if you are not familiar
with closures I recommend just
sticking with Exercise 1.
If you have played with closures a bit or
you wanna take it for a whirl,
this is the classic example of when and
how to use a closure.
And we'll go over it in
ten minutes after this.
But so the pro tip here,
use a closure to return a function that
you can call later.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So you
can see that we're invoking this function
and saving it into a variable name.
Then with that variable name we're calling
it again.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That's a key.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Aspect of this being
a closure.
If it was only returning
a primitive value and
not a function then you wouldn't
be able to call it again.
It would just be saved to some value.
So it's important that we're returning
function so that we can call it later.
And inside of our closure we retain access
to variables that were passed in before,
which is a key.
So in a closure you can
remember prior values.
And if you haven't worked with closures
yet that probably sounds like Greek and
that's okay.
Stick with Exercise 1,
we'll go through the solution and
you'll learn about how closures work.
So don't stress about it if
that sounds too complicated.